This template has been taken mostly from SNXGrantsDAO, specifically from the aplication page 

Title of proposal:
Please add a title for your proposal. 

Description:
Add a short summary of what you are proposing to do to contribute to the Compound ecosystem. Proposal doesnt have to be direclty related to Compound, at least as it in any way helpful towards the defi/crytpo space, that will bring value down the road to compound.finance

Motivation:
I guess this could be a shoprt essay or a couple sentences, keep it intresting and short.

Additional information:
Here you can add further relevant information for your proposal, including technical specs or functionality.

Previous work and Contact info:
Please add links to previous work or relevant profile pages.
Who is going to be working on the project? 
Github, LinkedIn, anything you deem relavant.

Compensation Type:
Decide how you want to be paid in COMP, waether up frount, after a proposal, or periodically (With Goals)

Compensation Schedule:
The Most sucessful way to win a grant is to be goal oriented with clear compensation points.

Example of Schedule:
Create a scedule with a timeline of development.
i.e.

Step Number: #1

What it is: Spec Research (with written report) 
Define it: Will research specs that new contract needs
Objective Goals: Will write out outline of contract, create template for JS and web 3 program
Timeline :1 Month
Labour: Me and my freind john
Compensation: 2 Comp 
Link to Project: github.com/stonks

(Later: edit and put snapshot vote)
(When you are done with this step, create a new snapshot vote with links to show achivement)

Step Number #2
What it is: Hardhat Testing
Define it: Will do harthat tests and outline reports
Objective Goals: Will prove i did this test by showing cool beans
Timeline :1 Month
Labour: Me and my freind smith
Compensation: 3 Comp 
Link to Project: github.com/megastonks

Step Number: ect.
(Later: edit and put snapshot vote)
(When you are done with this step, create a new snapshot vote with links to show achivement)

Ethereum Address:
Please add an eligible Ethereum wallet address you'd like the funds sent to.
